README.md, before:

# JavaScript Music Mixer Project
## Simon Fuller & Hayden Main
### Project Description

Creating a music mixer project similar to incredibox.com utilizing JavaScript
Utilizing beats, effects, melodies, and potentially voices to create a soundtrack loop.

### Developer Notes: Simon
*Process begins with structuring simple HTML in which we can add audio files to.
*Link the CSS HTML AND JS to be able to communicate the audio and style our images.
*JS needs to listen for click on music buttons.
*needs to play music file in WHILE LOOP
*END LOOP with eventlistener that listens for click on remove audio button.
*AUDIO files need to be quantized to play in sync.
*audio files need rules/conditions in which playback only occurs as any other loops complete their cycle so that all files play in sync.

**EXENTISVELY RESARCHED LYNDA.COM for JS links. ALSO, phone application SOLO LEARN.

### Designer Notes: Hayden
*The HTML/CSS should have a header for branding logo and menu bar for home/about/conact
*Should have a box in the middle of the the page as a container for the general music mixing program 
*Should have nav bar at the top of music-mixing container for music elements
*Icons should be simple enough to have the sound they make understood 
*Icons can have small size increase when hovered over for animations
*Synths and percussion for sounds
*Colours should refelct the sound genre, so neons or bold colours are probably best if we can make them work visually (mixing blacks with the neons for contrast)
*Use of self branding for figures (dissociative dude used in Final Integrated logo last semester)
*Simple animations for the figures when items dropped on
*Have a reset button at bottom right, outside of mixing container
*footer will contain same info as header

Commit message:

edited readme, added more figures. swapping to des branch

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Music Mixer Project
## Simon Fuller & Hayden Main
### Project Description

Using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, we created a music mixer application that allows users to drag and drop icons over figures to initiate a song sequence. Users can choose between multiple sound presets to mix together to their liking. There are 19 different sounds to choose from. Each icon represents a sound sequence and can be dragged over figures, which will swap animations based upon the category of what sound is placed onto it. 

The layout of the web application is relatively simple, so its interface is very user friendly and understandable. 

We hope you enjoy the project!

### Developer Notes: Simon
*Process begins with structuring simple HTML in which we can add audio files to.
*Link the CSS HTML AND JS to be able to communicate the audio and style our images.
*JS needs to listen for click on music buttons.
*needs to play music file in WHILE LOOP
*END LOOP with eventlistener that listens for click on remove audio button.
*AUDIO files need to be quantized to play in sync.
*audio files need rules/conditions in which playback only occurs as any other loops complete their cycle so that all files play in sync.

**EXENTISVELY RESARCHED LYNDA.COM for JS links. ALSO, phone application SOLO LEARN.

### Designer Notes: Hayden
*The HTML/CSS should have a header for branding logo and menu bar for home/about/conact
*Should have a box in the middle of the the page as a container for the general music mixing program 
*Should have nav bar at the top of music-mixing container for music elements
*Icons should be simple enough to have the sound they make understood 
*Icons can have small size increase when hovered over for animations
*Synths and percussion for sounds
*Colours should refelct the sound genre, so neons or bold colours are probably best if we can make them work visually (mixing blacks with the neons for contrast)
*Use of self branding for figures (dissociative dude used in Final Integrated logo last semester)
*Simple animations for the figures when items dropped on
*Have a reset button at bottom right, outside of mixing container
*footer will contain same info as header
